I hate everyone I'm doing another update
on my hair from using the it works hair
skin and nails today I don't even know
what today is it's Thursday March 27th
so I didn't get my hair done this week
but I did wash it yesterday
I just blew dry it and then I flat
ironed it as best as I could I don't
have the best flat ass in the world so
mm-hmm
Jesus tell me what you say so you know
my hair is a lot of people were asking
why don't your sides grow so they've
grown the back
so anyway this is day it's almost
one-thirty days and so I'm looking
forward to posting that picture I did
get a little antsy and start posting
things and I'm just gonna wait so I did
another thing where I pulled my bangs
down so this is number I was gonna focus
on my bangs so this is they're almost
touching my lip and the first day that I
took the picture of my bangs they were
you know a little see-through a little
bit like my hair I'm kind of loving it
in the color so we will do another
review on my 30-day mark and I will post
the link to order the hair skin and
nails if that's something that you're
interested and I would love to actually
see your before and after pictures and
follow your journey as well but the hair
is really shiny
bouncy I can put any product in and just
swatched it and you know flatten it so
and I'd have a no relaxer in my hair I
don't have a hair relaxer in over two
years
no relaxer at all in my hair all right
well I'll talk to you guys later have a
good weekend